android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport addAccount
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport confirmCredentials
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport editProperties
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAccountRemovalAllowed
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAuthToken
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAuthTokenLabel
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport hasFeatures
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport updateCredentials
android.accounts.AccountManagerService addAccount
android.accounts.AccountManagerService addAcount
android.accounts.AccountManagerService clearPassword
android.accounts.AccountManagerService confirmCredentials
android.accounts.AccountManagerService editProperties
android.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccounts
android.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsByFeatures
android.accounts.AccountManagerService getAuthToken
android.accounts.AccountManagerService getPassword
android.accounts.AccountManagerService getUserData
android.accounts.AccountManagerService hasFeatures
android.accounts.AccountManagerService invalidateAuthToken
android.accounts.AccountManagerService peekAuthToken
android.accounts.AccountManagerService removeAccount
android.accounts.AccountManagerService setAuthToken
android.accounts.AccountManagerService setPassword
android.accounts.AccountManagerService setUserData
android.accounts.AccountManagerService updateCredentials
android.content.ContentService addPeriodicSync
android.content.ContentService getCurrentSyncs
android.content.ContentService getIsSyncable
android.content.ContentService getMasterSyncAutomatically
android.content.ContentService getPeriodicSyncs
android.content.ContentService getSyncAutomatically
android.content.ContentService getSyncStatus
android.content.ContentService isSyncActive
android.content.ContentService isSyncPending
android.content.ContentService removePeriodicSync
android.content.ContentService setIsSyncable
android.content.ContentService setMasterSyncAutomatically
android.content.ContentService setSyncAutomatically
android.media.AudioService registerMediaButtonEventReceiverForCalls
android.media.AudioService setBluetoothScoOn
android.media.AudioService setMode
android.media.AudioService setRingtonePlayer
android.media.AudioService setSpeakerphoneOn
android.media.AudioService startBluetoothSco
android.media.AudioService stopBluetoothSco
android.media.AudioService unregisterMediaButtonEventReceiverForCalls
android.net.wifi.p2p.WifiP2pService getMessenger
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService allowIncomingConnect
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService connect
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService connectSinkInternal
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService disconnect
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService disconnectSinkInternal
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService getConnectedDevices
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService getConnectionState
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService getPriority
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService isA2dpPlaying
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService resumeSink
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService setPriority
android.server.BluetoothA2dpService suspendSink
android.server.BluetoothService addRfcommServiceRecord
android.server.BluetoothService allowIncomingProfileConnect
android.server.BluetoothService cancelBondProcess
android.server.BluetoothService cancelDiscovery
android.server.BluetoothService cancelPairingUserInput
android.server.BluetoothService changeApplicationBluetoothState
android.server.BluetoothService connectChannelToSink
android.server.BluetoothService connectChannelToSource
android.server.BluetoothService connectHeadset
android.server.BluetoothService connectInputDevice
android.server.BluetoothService connectPanDevice
android.server.BluetoothService createBond
android.server.BluetoothService createBondOutOfBand
android.server.BluetoothService disable
android.server.BluetoothService disconnectChannel
android.server.BluetoothService disconnectHeadset
android.server.BluetoothService disconnectInputDevice
android.server.BluetoothService disconnectPanDevice
android.server.BluetoothService enable
android.server.BluetoothService enableNoAutoConnect
android.server.BluetoothService fetchRemoteUuids
android.server.BluetoothService getAddress
android.server.BluetoothService getBluetoothState
android.server.BluetoothService getBondState
android.server.BluetoothService getConnectedHealthDevices
android.server.BluetoothService getConnectedInputDevices
android.server.BluetoothService getConnectedPanDevices
android.server.BluetoothService getDiscoverableTimeout
android.server.BluetoothService getHealthDeviceConnectionState
android.server.BluetoothService getHealthDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
android.server.BluetoothService getInputDeviceConnectionState
android.server.BluetoothService getInputDevicePriority
android.server.BluetoothService getInputDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
android.server.BluetoothService getMainChannelFd
android.server.BluetoothService getName
android.server.BluetoothService getPanDeviceConnectionState
android.server.BluetoothService getPanDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
android.server.BluetoothService getProfileConnectionState
android.server.BluetoothService getRemoteAlias
android.server.BluetoothService getRemoteClass
android.server.BluetoothService getRemoteName
android.server.BluetoothService getRemoteServiceChannel
android.server.BluetoothService getRemoteUuids
android.server.BluetoothService getScanMode
android.server.BluetoothService getTrustState
android.server.BluetoothService getUuids
android.server.BluetoothService isDiscovering
android.server.BluetoothService isEnabled
android.server.BluetoothService isTetheringOn
android.server.BluetoothService listBonds
android.server.BluetoothService readOutOfBandData
android.server.BluetoothService registerAppConfiguration
android.server.BluetoothService removeBond
android.server.BluetoothService removeServiceRecord
android.server.BluetoothService setBluetoothTethering
android.server.BluetoothService setDeviceOutOfBandData
android.server.BluetoothService setDiscoverableTimeout
android.server.BluetoothService setInputDevicePriority
android.server.BluetoothService setName
android.server.BluetoothService setPairingConfirmation
android.server.BluetoothService setPasskey
android.server.BluetoothService setPin
android.server.BluetoothService setRemoteAlias
android.server.BluetoothService setRemoteOutOfBandData
android.server.BluetoothService setScanMode
android.server.BluetoothService setTrust
android.server.BluetoothService startDiscovery
android.server.BluetoothService unregisterAppConfiguration
com.android.email.provider.AttachmentProvider openFile
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManager getAdnRecordsInEf
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManager getAdnRecordsInEf
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManager updateAdnRecordsInEfByIndex
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManager updateAdnRecordsInEfByIndex
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManager updateAdnRecordsInEfBySearch
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManager updateAdnRecordsInEfBySearch
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManagerProxy getAdnRecordsInEf
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManagerProxy updateAdnRecordsInEfByIndex
com.android.internal.telephony.IccPhoneBookInterfaceManagerProxy updateAdnRecordsInEfBySearch
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManager sendData
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManager sendData
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManager sendMultipartText
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManager sendMultipartText
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManager sendText
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManager sendText
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManagerProxy sendData
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManagerProxy sendMultipartText
com.android.internal.telephony.IccSmsInterfaceManagerProxy sendText
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getCompleteVoiceMailNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getDeviceId
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getDeviceSvn
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getIccSerialNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getIsimDomain
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getIsimImpi
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getIsimImpu
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getLine1AlphaTag
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getLine1Number
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getMsisdn
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getSubscriberId
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getVoiceMailAlphaTag
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfo getVoiceMailNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.cdma.RuimSmsInterfaceManager copyMessageToIccEf
com.android.internal.telephony.cdma.RuimSmsInterfaceManager getAllMessagesFromIccEf
com.android.internal.telephony.cdma.RuimSmsInterfaceManager updateMessageOnIccEf
com.android.internal.telephony.gsm.SimSmsInterfaceManager copyMessageToIccEf
com.android.internal.telephony.gsm.SimSmsInterfaceManager disableCellBroadcast
com.android.internal.telephony.gsm.SimSmsInterfaceManager disableCellBroadcastRange
com.android.internal.telephony.gsm.SimSmsInterfaceManager enableCellBroadcast
com.android.internal.telephony.gsm.SimSmsInterfaceManager enableCellBroadcastRange
com.android.internal.telephony.gsm.SimSmsInterfaceManager getAllMessagesFromIccEf
com.android.internal.telephony.gsm.SimSmsInterfaceManager updateMessageOnIccEf
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterExtrasService authenticate
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterExtrasService close
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterExtrasService getCardEmulationRoute
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterExtrasService open
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterExtrasService setCardEmulationRoute
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterExtrasService transceive
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService disable
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService disableNdefPush
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService dispatch
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService enable
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService enableNdefPush
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService getNfcAdapterExtrasInterface
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService setForegroundDispatch
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService setNdefPushCallback
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService setP2pModes
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService close
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService connect
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService formatNdef
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService getTechList
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService getTimeout
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService isNdef
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService ndefMakeReadOnly
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService ndefRead
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService ndefWrite
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService reconnect
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService rediscover
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService resetTimeouts
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService setTimeout
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService transceive
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager answerRingingCall
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager call
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager cancelMissedCallsNotification
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableApnType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableDataConnectivity
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableLocationUpdates
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableApnType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableDataConnectivity
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableLocationUpdates
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager endCall
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getAllCellInfo
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCellLocation
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getNeighboringCellInfo
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager handlePinMmi
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isSimPinEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setRadio
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager silenceRinger
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPin
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPuk
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager toggleRadioOnOff
com.android.providers.contacts.AbstractContactsProvider bulkInsert
com.android.providers.contacts.AbstractContactsProvider delete
com.android.providers.contacts.AbstractContactsProvider insert
com.android.providers.contacts.AbstractContactsProvider update
com.android.providers.contacts.CallLogProvider delete
com.android.providers.contacts.CallLogProvider insert
com.android.providers.contacts.CallLogProvider update
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 bulkInsert
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 call
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 delete
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 getType
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 insert
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 update
com.android.providers.contacts.ProfileProvider openAssetFile
com.android.providers.contacts.VoicemailContentProvider delete
com.android.providers.contacts.VoicemailContentProvider insert
com.android.providers.contacts.VoicemailContentProvider openFile
com.android.providers.contacts.VoicemailContentProvider update
com.android.providers.downloads.DownloadProvider delete
com.android.providers.downloads.DownloadProvider insert
com.android.providers.downloads.DownloadProvider openFile
com.android.providers.downloads.DownloadProvider update
com.android.providers.drm.DrmProvider delete
com.android.providers.drm.DrmProvider insert
com.android.providers.drm.DrmProvider update
com.android.providers.media.MediaProvider openFile
com.android.providers.settings.SettingsProvider bulkInsert
com.android.providers.settings.SettingsProvider delete
com.android.providers.settings.SettingsProvider insert
com.android.providers.settings.SettingsProvider openAssetFile
com.android.providers.settings.SettingsProvider openFile
com.android.providers.settings.SettingsProvider update
com.android.providers.telephony.TelephonyProvider delete
com.android.providers.telephony.TelephonyProvider insert
com.android.providers.telephony.TelephonyProvider update
com.android.server.AlarmManagerService setTime
com.android.server.AlarmManagerService setTimeZone
com.android.server.AppWidgetService bindAppWidgetId
com.android.server.AppWidgetService bindAppWidgetIdIfAllowed
com.android.server.AppWidgetService bindRemoteViewsService
com.android.server.AppWidgetService deleteAppWidgetId
com.android.server.AppWidgetService getAppWidgetInfo
com.android.server.AppWidgetService getAppWidgetOptions
com.android.server.AppWidgetService getAppWidgetViews
com.android.server.AppWidgetService hasBindAppWidgetPermission
com.android.server.AppWidgetService notifyAppWidgetViewDataChanged
com.android.server.AppWidgetService partiallyUpdateAppWidgetIds
com.android.server.AppWidgetService setBindAppWidgetPermission
com.android.server.AppWidgetService unbindRemoteViewsService
com.android.server.AppWidgetService updateAppWidgetIds
com.android.server.AppWidgetService updateAppWidgetOptions
com.android.server.AppWidgetService updateAppWidgetProvider
com.android.server.BackupManagerService$ActiveRestoreSession getAvailableRestoreSets
com.android.server.BackupManagerService$ActiveRestoreSession restoreAll
com.android.server.BackupManagerService$ActiveRestoreSession restorePackage
com.android.server.BackupManagerService$ActiveRestoreSession restoreSome
com.android.server.BackupManagerService acknowledgeFullBackupOrRestore
com.android.server.BackupManagerService backupNow
com.android.server.BackupManagerService beginRestoreSession
com.android.server.BackupManagerService clearBackupData
com.android.server.BackupManagerService dataChanged
com.android.server.BackupManagerService fullBackup
com.android.server.BackupManagerService fullRestore
com.android.server.BackupManagerService getConfigurationIntent
com.android.server.BackupManagerService getCurrentTransport
com.android.server.BackupManagerService getDestinationString
com.android.server.BackupManagerService hasBackupPassword
com.android.server.BackupManagerService isBackupEnabled
com.android.server.BackupManagerService listAllTransports
com.android.server.BackupManagerService selectBackupTransport
com.android.server.BackupManagerService setAutoRestore
com.android.server.BackupManagerService setBackupEnabled
com.android.server.BackupManagerService setBackupPassword
com.android.server.BackupManagerService setBackupProvisioned
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveLinkProperties
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkInfoForUid
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkQuotaInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworkState
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLastTetherError
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLinkProperties
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getMobileDataEnabled
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkPreference
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableBluetoothRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableUsbRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableWifiRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheredIfacePairs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheredIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheringErroredIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isActiveNetworkMetered
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isNetworkSupported
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isTetheringSupported
com.android.server.ConnectivityService reportInetCondition
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestNetworkTransitionWakelock
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestRouteToHost
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestRouteToHostAddress
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setDataDependency
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setGlobalProxy
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setMobileDataEnabled
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setNetworkPreference
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setPolicyDataEnable
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setRadio
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setRadios
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setUsbTethering
com.android.server.ConnectivityService startUsingNetworkFeature
com.android.server.ConnectivityService stopUsingNetworkFeature
com.android.server.ConnectivityService tether
com.android.server.ConnectivityService untether
com.android.server.DevicePolicyManagerService getRemoveWarning
com.android.server.DevicePolicyManagerService removeActiveAdmin
com.android.server.DevicePolicyManagerService reportFailedPasswordAttempt
com.android.server.DevicePolicyManagerService reportSuccessfulPasswordAttempt
com.android.server.DevicePolicyManagerService setActiveAdmin
com.android.server.DevicePolicyManagerService setActivePasswordState
com.android.server.DropBoxManagerService getNextEntry
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setInputMethod
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setInputMethodAndSubtype
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setInputMethodEnabled
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService switchToLastInputMethod
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService switchToNextInputMethod
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addGpsStatusListener
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addProximityAlert
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addTestProvider
com.android.server.LocationManagerService clearTestProviderEnabled
com.android.server.LocationManagerService clearTestProviderLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService clearTestProviderStatus
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getBestProvider
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getLastKnownLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getProviderInfo
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getProviders
com.android.server.LocationManagerService isProviderEnabled
com.android.server.LocationManagerService removeTestProvider
com.android.server.LocationManagerService reportLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService requestLocationUpdates
com.android.server.LocationManagerService requestLocationUpdatesPI
com.android.server.LocationManagerService sendExtraCommand
com.android.server.LocationManagerService setTestProviderEnabled
com.android.server.LocationManagerService setTestProviderLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService setTestProviderStatus
com.android.server.MountService changeEncryptionPassword
com.android.server.MountService createSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService decryptStorage
com.android.server.MountService destroySecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService encryptStorage
com.android.server.MountService finalizeSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService fixPermissionsSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService formatVolume
com.android.server.MountService getEncryptionState
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerFilesystemPath
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerList
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerPath
com.android.server.MountService getStorageUsers
com.android.server.MountService isSecureContainerMounted
com.android.server.MountService mountSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService mountVolume
com.android.server.MountService renameSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService setUsbMassStorageEnabled
com.android.server.MountService shutdown
com.android.server.MountService unmountSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService unmountVolume
com.android.server.MountService verifyEncryptionPassword
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addSecondaryRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService attachPppd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService clearInterfaceAddresses
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService detachPppd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService disableIpv6
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService disableNat
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService enableIpv6
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService enableNat
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService flushDefaultDnsCache
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService flushInterfaceDnsCache
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getDnsForwarders
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getInterfaceConfig
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getInterfaceRxThrottle
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getInterfaceTxThrottle
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getIpForwardingEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsDetail
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsSummaryDev
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsSummaryXt
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsUidDetail
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getRoutes
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isBandwidthControlEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isTetheringStarted
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listInterfaces
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listTetheredInterfaces
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listTtys
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService registerObserver
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceQuota
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeSecondaryRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDefaultInterfaceForDns
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDnsForwarders
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDnsServersForInterface
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setGlobalAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceConfig
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceDown
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceIpv6PrivacyExtensions
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceQuota
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceThrottle
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceUp
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setIpForwardingEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setUidNetworkRules
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService shutdown
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService tetherInterface
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService unregisterObserver
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService untetherInterface
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService wifiFirmwareReload
com.android.server.NsdService getMessenger
com.android.server.NsdService setEnabled
com.android.server.PowerManagerService acquireWakeLock
com.android.server.PowerManagerService clearUserActivityTimeout
com.android.server.PowerManagerService crash
com.android.server.PowerManagerService goToSleep
com.android.server.PowerManagerService goToSleepWithReason
com.android.server.PowerManagerService preventScreenOn
com.android.server.PowerManagerService reboot
com.android.server.PowerManagerService releaseWakeLock
com.android.server.PowerManagerService setAttentionLight
com.android.server.PowerManagerService setAutoBrightnessAdjustment
com.android.server.PowerManagerService setBacklightBrightness
com.android.server.PowerManagerService setMaximumScreenOffTimeount
com.android.server.PowerManagerService setPokeLock
com.android.server.PowerManagerService setStayOnSetting
com.android.server.PowerManagerService updateWakeLockWorkSource
com.android.server.PowerManagerService userActivity
com.android.server.PowerManagerService userActivityWithForce
com.android.server.SerialService getSerialPorts
com.android.server.SerialService openSerialPort
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService collapse
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService disable
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService expand
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService onClearAllNotifications
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationClear
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationClick
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationError
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService onPanelRevealed
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService registerStatusBar
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService removeIcon
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService setIcon
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService setIconVisibility
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService setImeWindowStatus
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService setSystemUiVisibility
com.android.server.StatusBarManagerService topAppWindowChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry listen
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallForwardingChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallState
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellInfo
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellLocation
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataActivity
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnection
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionFailed
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyMessageWaitingChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyOtaspChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyServiceState
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifySignalStrength
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setCurrentSpellChecker
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setCurrentSpellCheckerSubtype
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setSpellCheckerEnabled
com.android.server.ThrottleService getByteCount
com.android.server.ThrottleService getCliffLevel
com.android.server.ThrottleService getCliffThreshold
com.android.server.ThrottleService getHelpUri
com.android.server.ThrottleService getPeriodStartTime
com.android.server.ThrottleService getResetTime
com.android.server.ThrottleService getThrottle
com.android.server.UpdateLockService acquireUpdateLock
com.android.server.UpdateLockService releaseUpdateLock
com.android.server.VibratorService cancelVibrate
com.android.server.VibratorService vibrate
com.android.server.VibratorService vibratePattern
com.android.server.WallpaperManagerService setDimensionHints
com.android.server.WallpaperManagerService setWallpaper
com.android.server.WallpaperManagerService setWallpaperComponent
com.android.server.WifiService acquireMulticastLock
com.android.server.WifiService acquireWifiLock
com.android.server.WifiService addOrUpdateNetwork
com.android.server.WifiService addToBlacklist
com.android.server.WifiService clearBlacklist
com.android.server.WifiService disableNetwork
com.android.server.WifiService disconnect
com.android.server.WifiService enableNetwork
com.android.server.WifiService getConfigFile
com.android.server.WifiService getConfiguredNetworks
com.android.server.WifiService getConnectionInfo
com.android.server.WifiService getDhcpInfo
com.android.server.WifiService getFrequencyBand
com.android.server.WifiService getScanResults
com.android.server.WifiService getWifiApConfiguration
com.android.server.WifiService getWifiApEnabledState
com.android.server.WifiService getWifiEnabledState
com.android.server.WifiService getWifiServiceMessenger
com.android.server.WifiService getWifiStateMachineMessenger
com.android.server.WifiService initializeMulticastFiltering
com.android.server.WifiService isMulticastEnabled
com.android.server.WifiService pingSupplicant
com.android.server.WifiService reassociate
com.android.server.WifiService reconnect
com.android.server.WifiService releaseMulticastLock
com.android.server.WifiService releaseWifiLock
com.android.server.WifiService removeNetwork
com.android.server.WifiService saveConfiguration
com.android.server.WifiService setCountryCode
com.android.server.WifiService setFrequencyBand
com.android.server.WifiService setWifiApConfiguration
com.android.server.WifiService setWifiApEnabled
com.android.server.WifiService setWifiEnabled
com.android.server.WifiService startScan
com.android.server.WifiService startWifi
com.android.server.WifiService stopWifi
com.android.server.WifiService updateWifiLockWorkSource
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService registerUiTestAutomationService
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService activitySlept
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService activityStopped
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService bindBackupAgent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService bindService
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService crashApplication
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService dismissKeyguardOnNextActivity
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService dumpHeap
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService finishHeavyWeightApp
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService finishReceiver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService forceStopPackage
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getContentProviderExternal
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRecentTasks
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getTaskThumbnails
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getTasks
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService goingToSleep
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService handleApplicationCrash
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService handleApplicationWtf
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService killAllBackgroundProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService killBackgroundProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveActivityTaskToBack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskBackwards
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskToBack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskToFront
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService navigateUpTo
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService profileControl
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService registerProcessObserver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService removeContentProviderExternal
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService removeSubTask
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService removeTask
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService resumeAppSwitches
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setActivityController
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setAlwaysFinish
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setDebugApp
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setFrontActivityScreenCompatMode
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setLockScreenShown
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setPackageAskScreenCompat
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setPackageScreenCompatMode
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setProcessForeground
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setProcessLimit
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setRequestedOrientation
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService shutdown
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService signalPersistentProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivities
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivitiesInPackage
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivity
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityAndWait
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityInPackage
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityWithConfig
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startRunning
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService stopAppSwitches
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService switchUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService unbroadcastIntent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService unhandledBack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService unregisterReceiver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService updateConfiguration
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService updatePersistentConfiguration
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService wakingUp
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getAwakeTimeBattery
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getAwakeTimePlugged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getStatistics
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteBluetoothOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteBluetoothOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockAcquired
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockAcquiredFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockReleased
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockReleasedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteInputEvent
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteNetworkInterfaceType
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneDataConnectionState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneSignalStrength
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScanWifiLockAcquired
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScanWifiLockAcquiredFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScanWifiLockReleased
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScanWifiLockReleasedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScreenBrightness
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScreenOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScreenOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartGps
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartSensor
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartWakelock
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopGps
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopSensor
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopWakelock
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteUserActivity
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastDisabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastDisabledFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastEnabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastEnabledFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRunning
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRunningChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiStopped
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService setBatteryState
com.android.server.am.UsageStatsService getAllPkgUsageStats
com.android.server.am.UsageStatsService getPkgUsageStats
com.android.server.am.UsageStatsService noteLaunchTime
com.android.server.am.UsageStatsService notePauseComponent
com.android.server.am.UsageStatsService noteResumeComponent
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService addKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService removeKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService setCurrentKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService tryPointerSpeed
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getAppPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getAppsWithPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getNetworkPolicies
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getNetworkQuotaInfo
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getRestrictBackground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService isUidForeground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService registerListener
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setAppPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setNetworkPolicies
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setRestrictBackground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService snoozeLimit
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService unregisterListener
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService advisePersistThreshold
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService forceUpdate
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService getDataLayerSnapshotForUid
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService getNetworkTotalBytes
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService incrementOperationCount
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService openSession
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService setUidForeground
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService addPreferredActivity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService clearApplicationUserData
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService clearPackagePreferredActivities
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService deleteApplicationCacheFiles
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService deletePackage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService freeStorage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService freeStorageAndNotify
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getPackageSizeInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getVerifierDeviceIdentity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService grantPermission
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService installPackage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService installPackageWithVerification
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService movePackage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService replacePreferredActivity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService revokePermission
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setApplicationEnabledSetting
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setComponentEnabledSetting
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setInstallLocation
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setPackageStoppedState
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setPermissionEnforced
com.android.server.sip.SipService close
com.android.server.sip.SipService createSession
com.android.server.sip.SipService getListOfProfiles
com.android.server.sip.SipService getPendingSession
com.android.server.sip.SipService isOpened
com.android.server.sip.SipService isRegistered
com.android.server.sip.SipService open
com.android.server.sip.SipService open3
com.android.server.sip.SipService setRegistrationListener
com.android.server.usb.UsbService clearDefaults
com.android.server.usb.UsbService grantAccessoryPermission
com.android.server.usb.UsbService grantDevicePermission
com.android.server.usb.UsbService hasDefaults
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setAccessoryPackage
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setCurrentFunction
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setDevicePackage
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setMassStorageBackingFile
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService addAppToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService addWindowToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService disableKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService dismissKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService executeAppTransition
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService exitKeyguardSecurely
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService freezeRotation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService isViewServerRunning
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService moveAppToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService moveAppTokensToBottom
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService moveAppTokensToTop
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService pauseKeyDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService prepareAppTransition
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService reenableKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService removeAppToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService removeWindowToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService resumeKeyDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService screenshotApplications
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAnimationScale
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAnimationScales
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppGroupId
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppOrientation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppStartingWindow
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppVisibility
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppWillBeHidden
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setEventDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setFocusedApp
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setNewConfiguration
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startAppFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startViewServer
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService statusBarVisibilityChanged
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopAppFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopViewServer
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService thawRotation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService updateOrientationFromAppTokens
com.ti.server.StubFmService resumeFm
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxChangeAudioTarget
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxChangeDigitalTargetConfiguration
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxCompleteScan_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxDisable
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxDisableAudioRouting
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxDisableRds
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxDisableRds_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxEnable
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxEnableAudioRouting
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxEnableRds
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxEnableRds_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetBand
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetBand_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetChannelSpacing
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetChannelSpacing_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetCompleteScanProgress
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetCompleteScanProgress_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetDeEmphasisFilter
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetDeEmphasisFilter_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetFMState
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetFwVersion
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetMonoStereoMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetMonoStereoMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetMuteMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetMuteMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRdsAfSwitchMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRdsAfSwitchMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRdsGroupMask
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRdsGroupMask_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRdsSystem
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRdsSystem_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRfDependentMuteMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRfDependentMuteMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRssi
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRssiThreshold
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRssiThreshold_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetRssi_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetTunedFrequency
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetTunedFrequency_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetVolume
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxGetVolume_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxIsEnabled
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxIsFMPaused
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxIsValidChannel
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSeek_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetBand
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetBand_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetChannelSpacing
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetChannelSpacing_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetDeEmphasisFilter
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetDeEmphasisFilter_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetMonoStereoMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetMonoStereoMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetMuteMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetMuteMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRdsAfSwitchMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRdsAfSwitchMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRdsGroupMask
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRdsGroupMask_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRdsSystem
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRdsSystem_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRfDependentMuteMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRfDependentMuteMode_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRssiThreshold
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetRssiThreshold_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxSetVolume
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxStopCompleteScan
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxStopCompleteScan_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxStopSeek
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxStopSeek_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService rxTune_nb
com.ti.server.StubFmService txChangeAudioSource
com.ti.server.StubFmService txChangeDigitalSourceConfiguration
com.ti.server.StubFmService txDisable
com.ti.server.StubFmService txDisableRds
com.ti.server.StubFmService txEnable
com.ti.server.StubFmService txEnableRds
com.ti.server.StubFmService txGetFMState
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetMonoStereoMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetMuteMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetPowerLevel
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetPreEmphasisFilter
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsAfCode
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsECC
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsMusicSpeechFlag
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsPiCode
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsPsDisplayMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsPsScrollSpeed
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsPtyCode
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsTextPsMsg
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsTextRepertoire
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsTextRtMsg
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsTrafficCodes
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsTransmissionMode
com.ti.server.StubFmService txSetRdsTransmittedGroupsMask
com.ti.server.StubFmService txStartTransmission
com.ti.server.StubFmService txStopTransmission
com.ti.server.StubFmService txTune
com.ti.server.StubFmService txWriteRdsRawData