android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport addAccount
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport addAccountFromCredentials
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport confirmCredentials
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport editProperties
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAccountCredentialsForCloning
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAccountRemovalAllowed
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAuthToken
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAuthTokenLabel
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport hasFeatures
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport updateCredentials
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware disableActivityEvent
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware enableActivityEvent
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware flush
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware getSupportedActivities
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware isActivitySupported
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware registerSink
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware unregisterSink
android.media.AudioService adjustStreamVolume
android.media.AudioService adjustSuggestedStreamVolume
android.media.AudioService disableSafeMediaVolume
android.media.AudioService forceRemoteSubmixFullVolume
android.media.AudioService notifyVolumeControllerVisible
android.media.AudioService registerAudioPolicy
android.media.AudioService registerRemoteControlDisplay
android.media.AudioService registerRemoteController
android.media.AudioService requestAudioFocus
android.media.AudioService setBluetoothScoOn
android.media.AudioService setFocusPropertiesForPolicy
android.media.AudioService setMicrophoneMute
android.media.AudioService setMode
android.media.AudioService setRemoteStreamVolume
android.media.AudioService setRingerModeExternal
android.media.AudioService setRingerModeInternal
android.media.AudioService setRingtonePlayer
android.media.AudioService setSpeakerphoneOn
android.media.AudioService setStreamVolume
android.media.AudioService setVolumeController
android.media.AudioService startBluetoothSco
android.media.AudioService startBluetoothScoVirtualCall
android.media.AudioService stopBluetoothSco
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService connect
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService disconnect
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService getConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService getPriority
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService isA2dpPlaying
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpService setPriority
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpSinkService connect
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpSinkService disconnect
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpSinkService getAudioConfig
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpSinkService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpSinkService getConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.a2dp.A2dpSinkService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.avrcp.AvrcpControllerService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.avrcp.AvrcpControllerService getConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.avrcp.AvrcpControllerService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.avrcp.AvrcpControllerService sendPassThroughCmd
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService cancelBondProcess
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService cancelDiscovery
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService configHciSnoopLog
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService connectSocket
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService createBond
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService createSocketChannel
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService disable
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService enable
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService enableNoAutoConnect
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService fetchRemoteMasInstances
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService fetchRemoteUuids
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getActivityEnergyInfoFromController
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getAdapterConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getAddress
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getBondState
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getBondedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getDiscoverableTimeout
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getMessageAccessPermission
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getName
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getPhonebookAccessPermission
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getProfileConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getRemoteAlias
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getRemoteClass
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getRemoteName
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getRemoteType
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getRemoteUuids
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getScanMode
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getState
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService getUuids
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService isActivityAndEnergyReportingSupported
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService isDiscovering
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService isEnabled
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService isMultiAdvertisementSupported
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService isOffloadedFilteringSupported
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService isOffloadedScanBatchingSupported
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService removeBond
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService reportActivityInfo
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService sendConnectionStateChange
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setDiscoverableTimeout
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setMessageAccessPermission
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setName
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setPairingConfirmation
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setPasskey
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setPhonebookAccessPermission
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setPin
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setRemoteAlias
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService setScanMode
com.android.bluetooth.btservice.AdapterService startDiscovery
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService addCharacteristic
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService addDescriptor
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService addIncludedService
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService beginReliableWrite
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService beginServiceDeclaration
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService clearServices
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService clientConnect
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService clientDisconnect
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService configureMTU
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService connectionParameterUpdate
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService discoverServices
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService endReliableWrite
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService endServiceDeclaration
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService readCharacteristic
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService readDescriptor
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService readRemoteRssi
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService refreshDevice
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService registerClient
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService registerForNotification
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService registerServer
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService removeService
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService sendNotification
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService sendResponse
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService serverConnect
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService serverDisconnect
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService startMultiAdvertising
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService startScan
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService stopMultiAdvertising
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService stopScan
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService unregisterClient
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService unregisterServer
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService writeCharacteristic
com.android.bluetooth.gatt.GattService writeDescriptor
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService connectChannelToSink
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService connectChannelToSource
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService disconnectChannel
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService getConnectedHealthDevices
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService getHealthDeviceConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService getHealthDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService getMainChannelFd
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService registerAppConfiguration
com.android.bluetooth.hdp.HealthService unregisterAppConfiguration
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService clccResponse
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService connect
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService connectAudio
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService disableWBS
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService disconnect
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService disconnectAudio
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService enableWBS
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService getConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService getPriority
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService isAudioConnected
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService isAudioOn
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService phoneStateChanged
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService sendVendorSpecificResultCode
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService setPriority
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService startVoiceRecognition
com.android.bluetooth.hfp.HeadsetService stopVoiceRecognition
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService acceptCall
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService connect
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService connectAudio
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService dial
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService dialMemory
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService disconnect
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService disconnectAudio
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService enterPrivateMode
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService explicitCallTransfer
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getCurrentAgEvents
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getCurrentAgFeatures
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getCurrentCalls
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getLastVoiceTagNumber
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService getPriority
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService holdCall
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService redial
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService rejectCall
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService sendDTMF
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService setPriority
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService startVoiceRecognition
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService stopVoiceRecognition
com.android.bluetooth.hfpclient.HeadsetClientService terminateCall
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService connect
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService disconnect
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService getPriority
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService getProtocolMode
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService getReport
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService sendData
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService setPriority
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService setProtocolMode
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService setReport
com.android.bluetooth.hid.HidService virtualUnplug
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService connect
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService disconnect
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService getClient
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService getConnectionState
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService getPriority
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService getState
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService isConnected
com.android.bluetooth.map.BluetoothMapService setPriority
com.android.bluetooth.pan.PanService connect
com.android.bluetooth.pan.PanService disconnect
com.android.bluetooth.pan.PanService getConnectedDevices
com.android.bluetooth.pan.PanService getDevicesMatchingConnectionStates
com.android.bluetooth.pan.PanService setBluetoothTethering
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getCompleteVoiceMailNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getDeviceId
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getDeviceSvn
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getGroupIdLevel1
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIccSerialNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIccSimChallengeResponse
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimChallengeResponse
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimDomain
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimImpi
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimImpu
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimIst
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimPcscf
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getLine1AlphaTag
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getLine1Number
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getMsisdn
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getSubscriberId
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getVoiceMailAlphaTag
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getVoiceMailNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController addSubInfoRecord
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController clearDefaultsForInactiveSubIds
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController clearSubInfo
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubInfoCount
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfo
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfoForIccId
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfoForSimSlotIndex
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfoList
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getAllSubInfoCount
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getAllSubInfoList
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDataRoaming
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDisplayName
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDisplayNameUsingSrc
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDisplayNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setIconTint
com.android.nfc.NfcService addNfcUnlockHandler
com.android.nfc.NfcService disable
com.android.nfc.NfcService disableNdefPush
com.android.nfc.NfcService dispatch
com.android.nfc.NfcService enable
com.android.nfc.NfcService enableNdefPush
com.android.nfc.NfcService invokeBeam
com.android.nfc.NfcService invokeBeamInternal
com.android.nfc.NfcService pausePolling
com.android.nfc.NfcService resumePolling
com.android.nfc.NfcService setAppCallback
com.android.nfc.NfcService setForegroundDispatch
com.android.nfc.NfcService setP2pModes
com.android.nfc.NfcService verifyNfcPermission
com.android.nfc.NfcService close
com.android.nfc.NfcService connect
com.android.nfc.NfcService formatNdef
com.android.nfc.NfcService getTechList
com.android.nfc.NfcService getTimeout
com.android.nfc.NfcService isNdef
com.android.nfc.NfcService ndefMakeReadOnly
com.android.nfc.NfcService ndefRead
com.android.nfc.NfcService ndefWrite
com.android.nfc.NfcService reconnect
com.android.nfc.NfcService rediscover
com.android.nfc.NfcService resetTimeouts
com.android.nfc.NfcService setTimeout
com.android.nfc.NfcService transceive
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager getAidGroupForService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager getServices
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager isDefaultServiceForAid
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager isDefaultServiceForCategory
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager registerAidGroupForService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager removeAidGroupForService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager setDefaultForNextTap
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager setDefaultServiceForCategory
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager setPreferredService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager unsetPreferredService
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager answerRingingCall
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager answerRingingCallForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager call
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableDataConnectivity
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableLocationUpdates
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableLocationUpdatesForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableDataConnectivity
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableLocationUpdates
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableLocationUpdatesForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableVideoCalling
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager endCall
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager endCallForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getAllCellInfo
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCalculatedPreferredNetworkType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaMdn
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaMin
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCellLocation
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getDataEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getDeviceId
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getLine1AlphaTagForDisplay
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getLine1NumberForDisplay
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getNeighboringCellInfo
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getPcscfAddress
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getPreferredNetworkType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getTetherApnRequired
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager handlePinMmi
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager handlePinMmiForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccCloseLogicalChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccExchangeSimIO
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccOpenLogicalChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccTransmitApduBasicChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccTransmitApduLogicalChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager invokeOemRilRequestRaw
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isSimPinEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isVideoCallingEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvReadItem
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvResetConfig
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvWriteCdmaPrl
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvWriteItem
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager sendEnvelopeWithStatus
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setDataEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setImsRegistrationState
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setPreferredNetworkType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setRadio
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setRadioForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setRadioPower
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager shutdownMobileRadios
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPin
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPinForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPinReportResult
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPinReportResultForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPuk
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPukForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPukReportResult
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPukReportResultForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager toggleRadioOnOff
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager toggleRadioOnOffForSubscriber
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 getType
com.android.server.AppOpsService checkAudioOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService checkOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService finishOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService getOpsForPackage
com.android.server.AppOpsService getPackagesForOps
com.android.server.AppOpsService noteOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService resetAllModes
com.android.server.AppOpsService setAudioRestriction
com.android.server.AppOpsService setMode
com.android.server.AppOpsService startOperation
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService disable
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService enable
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService enableNoAutoConnect
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService getAddress
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService getName
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService registerStateChangeCallback
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService unregisterAdapter
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService unregisterStateChangeCallback
com.android.server.ConnectivityService captivePortalCheckCompleted
com.android.server.ConnectivityService findConnectionTypeForIface
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveLinkProperties
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkInfoForUid
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkQuotaInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworkState
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworks
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getDefaultNetworkCapabilitiesForUser
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLastTetherError
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLegacyVpnInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLinkProperties
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLinkPropertiesForType
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getMobileProvisioningUrl
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getMobileRedirectedProvisioningUrl
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkCapabilities
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkForType
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkInfoForNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getProvisioningOrActiveNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableBluetoothRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableUsbRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableWifiRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheredDhcpRanges
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheredIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheringErroredIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getVpnConfig
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isActiveNetworkMetered
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isNetworkSupported
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isTetheringSupported
com.android.server.ConnectivityService listenForNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService pendingRequestForNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService prepareVpn
com.android.server.ConnectivityService registerNetworkAgent
com.android.server.ConnectivityService registerNetworkFactory
com.android.server.ConnectivityService reportBadNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService reportInetCondition
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestRouteToHostAddress
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setAirplaneMode
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setDataDependency
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setGlobalProxy
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setProvisioningNotificationVisible
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setUsbTethering
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setVpnPackageAuthorization
com.android.server.ConnectivityService startLegacyVpn
com.android.server.ConnectivityService supplyMessenger
com.android.server.ConnectivityService tether
com.android.server.ConnectivityService unregisterNetworkFactory
com.android.server.ConnectivityService untether
com.android.server.ConnectivityService updateLockdownVpn
com.android.server.ConsumerIrService getCarrierFrequencies
com.android.server.ConsumerIrService transmit
com.android.server.DropBoxManagerService getNextEntry
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addGpsMeasurementsListener
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addGpsNavigationMessageListener
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addGpsStatusListener
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addTestProvider
com.android.server.LocationManagerService clearTestProviderEnabled
com.android.server.LocationManagerService clearTestProviderLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService clearTestProviderStatus
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getBestProvider
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getLastLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getProviderProperties
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getProviders
com.android.server.LocationManagerService removeGeofence
com.android.server.LocationManagerService removeTestProvider
com.android.server.LocationManagerService removeUpdates
com.android.server.LocationManagerService reportLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService requestGeofence
com.android.server.LocationManagerService requestLocationUpdates
com.android.server.LocationManagerService sendExtraCommand
com.android.server.LocationManagerService setTestProviderEnabled
com.android.server.LocationManagerService setTestProviderLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService setTestProviderStatus
com.android.server.LockSettingsService checkPassword
com.android.server.LockSettingsService checkPattern
com.android.server.LockSettingsService checkVoldPassword
com.android.server.LockSettingsService getBoolean
com.android.server.LockSettingsService getLong
com.android.server.LockSettingsService getString
com.android.server.LockSettingsService removeUser
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setBoolean
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setLockPassword
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setLockPattern
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setLong
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setString
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker addMultimediaMessageDraft
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker addTextMessageDraft
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker archiveStoredConversation
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker deleteStoredConversation
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker deleteStoredMessage
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker downloadMessage
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker importMultimediaMessage
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker importTextMessage
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker sendMessage
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker sendStoredMessage
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker setAutoPersisting
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker updateStoredMessageStatus
com.android.server.MountService changeEncryptionPassword
com.android.server.MountService createSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService decryptStorage
com.android.server.MountService destroySecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService encryptStorage
com.android.server.MountService finalizeSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService fixPermissionsSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService formatVolume
com.android.server.MountService getEncryptionState
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerFilesystemPath
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerList
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerPath
com.android.server.MountService getStorageUsers
com.android.server.MountService getVolumeList
com.android.server.MountService isSecureContainerMounted
com.android.server.MountService mountSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService mountVolume
com.android.server.MountService renameSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService resizeSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService runMaintenance
com.android.server.MountService setUsbMassStorageEnabled
com.android.server.MountService shutdown
com.android.server.MountService unmountSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService unmountVolume
com.android.server.MountService verifyEncryptionPassword
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addIdleTimer
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addInterfaceToLocalNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addInterfaceToNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addLegacyRouteForNetId
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addVpnUidRanges
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService allowProtect
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService attachPppd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService clearDefaultNetId
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService clearInterfaceAddresses
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService clearPermission
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService createPhysicalNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService createVirtualNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService denyProtect
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService detachPppd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService disableIpv6
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService disableNat
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService enableIpv6
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService enableNat
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService flushNetworkDnsCache
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getDnsForwarders
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getInterfaceConfig
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getIpForwardingEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsDetail
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsSummaryDev
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsSummaryXt
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsUidDetail
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getRoutes
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isBandwidthControlEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isClatdStarted
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isTetheringStarted
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listInterfaces
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listTetheredInterfaces
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listTtys
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService registerObserver
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeIdleTimer
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceFromLocalNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceFromNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceQuota
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeVpnUidRanges
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDefaultNetId
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDnsForwarders
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDnsServersForNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setGlobalAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceConfig
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceDown
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceIpv6NdOffload
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceIpv6PrivacyExtensions
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceQuota
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceUp
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setIpForwardingEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setMtu
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setPermission
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setUidNetworkRules
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService shutdown
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startClatd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopClatd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService tetherInterface
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService unregisterObserver
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService untetherInterface
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService wifiFirmwareReload
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService clearScores
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService disableScoring
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService registerNetworkScoreCache
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService setActiveScorer
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService updateScores
com.android.server.NsdService getMessenger
com.android.server.NsdService setEnabled
com.android.server.SerialService getSerialPorts
com.android.server.SerialService openSerialPort
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry addOnSubscriptionsChangedListener
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry listen
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry listenForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallForwardingChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallForwardingChangedForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallState
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallStateForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellInfo
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellInfoForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellLocation
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellLocationForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataActivity
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataActivityForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnection
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionFailed
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionFailedForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionRealTimeInfo
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDisconnectCause
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyMessageWaitingChangedForPhoneId
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyOemHookRawEventForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyOtaspChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyPreciseCallState
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyPreciseDataConnectionFailed
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyServiceStateForPhoneId
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifySignalStrength
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifySignalStrengthForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyVoLteServiceStateChanged
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setCurrentSpellChecker
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setCurrentSpellCheckerSubtype
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setSpellCheckerEnabled
com.android.server.UpdateLockService acquireUpdateLock
com.android.server.UpdateLockService releaseUpdateLock
com.android.server.VibratorService cancelVibrate
com.android.server.VibratorService vibrate
com.android.server.VibratorService vibratePattern
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService findAccessibilityNodeInfoByAccessibilityId
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService findAccessibilityNodeInfosByText
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService findAccessibilityNodeInfosByViewId
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService findFocus
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService focusSearch
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService getWindow
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService getWindows
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService performAccessibilityAction
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService performGlobalAction
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService addAccessibilityInteractionConnection
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService addClient
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService getEnabledAccessibilityServiceList
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService getInstalledAccessibilityServiceList
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService getWindowToken
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService interrupt
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService registerUiTestAutomationService
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService removeAccessibilityInteractionConnection
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService sendAccessibilityEvent
com.android.server.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerService temporaryEnableAccessibilityStateUntilKeyguardRemoved
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService addAccount
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService addAccountAsUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService addAccountExplicitly
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService clearPassword
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService confirmCredentialsAsUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService copyAccountToUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService editProperties
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccounts
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsAsUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsByFeatures
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsByTypeForPackage
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsForPackage
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAuthToken
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAuthenticatorTypes
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getPassword
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getUserData
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService hasFeatures
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService invalidateAuthToken
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService peekAuthToken
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService removeAccount
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService removeAccountAsUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService removeAccountExplicitly
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService renameAccount
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService setAuthToken
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService setPassword
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService setUserData
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService updateCredentials
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService appNotRespondingViaProvider
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService bindBackupAgent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService bootAnimationComplete
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService clearPendingBackup
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService crashApplication
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService createActivityContainer
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService deleteActivityContainer
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService dumpHeap
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService finishHeavyWeightApp
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService forceStopPackage
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getAllStackInfos
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getAssistContextExtras
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getContentProviderExternal
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getCurrentUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getHomeActivityToken
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRecentTasks
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRunningAppProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRunningExternalApplications
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRunningUserIds
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getStackInfo
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getTaskThumbnail
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getTasks
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService hang
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService inputDispatchingTimedOut
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService isInHomeStack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService isUserRunning
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService killAllBackgroundProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService killBackgroundProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService launchAssistIntent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskBackwards
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskToBack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskToFront
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskToStack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService navigateUpTo
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService performIdleMaintenance
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService profileControl
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService registerProcessObserver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService registerUserSwitchObserver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService removeContentProviderExternal
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService removeTask
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService requestBugReport
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService resizeStack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService restart
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService resumeAppSwitches
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setActivityController
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setAlwaysFinish
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setDebugApp
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setFrontActivityScreenCompatMode
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setLockScreenShown
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setPackageAskScreenCompat
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setPackageScreenCompatMode
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setProcessForeground
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setProcessLimit
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService shutdown
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService signalPersistentProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivities
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivity
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityAndWait
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityAsCaller
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityAsUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityFromRecents
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityWithConfig
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startLockTaskModeOnCurrent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startUserInBackground
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startVoiceActivity
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService stopAppSwitches
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService stopLockTaskModeOnCurrent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService stopUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService systemBackupRestored
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService unbroadcastIntent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService unhandledBack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService updateConfiguration
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService updatePersistentConfiguration
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getAwakeTimeBattery
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getAwakeTimePlugged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getStatistics
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getStatisticsStream
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteBluetoothOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteBluetoothOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteBluetoothState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteChangeWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteConnectivityChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteEvent
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFlashlightOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFlashlightOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockAcquired
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockAcquiredFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockReleased
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockReleasedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteInteractive
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteJobFinish
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteJobStart
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteMobileRadioPowerState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteNetworkInterfaceType
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteNetworkStatsEnabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneDataConnectionState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneSignalStrength
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteResetAudio
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteResetVideo
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScreenBrightness
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScreenState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartAudio
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartGps
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartSensor
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartVideo
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartWakelock
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopAudio
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopGps
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopSensor
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopVideo
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopWakelock
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteSyncFinish
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteSyncStart
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteUserActivity
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteVibratorOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteVibratorOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiBatchedScanStartedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiBatchedScanStoppedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastDisabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastDisabledFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastEnabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastEnabledFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRssiChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRunning
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRunningChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStarted
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStartedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStopped
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStoppedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiStopped
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiSupplicantStateChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService setBatteryState
com.android.server.am.ProcessStatsService getCurrentStats
com.android.server.am.ProcessStatsService getStatsOverTime
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl bindAppWidgetId
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl bindRemoteViewsService
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl createAppWidgetConfigIntentSender
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl deleteAppWidgetId
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl getAppWidgetInfo
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl getAppWidgetOptions
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl getAppWidgetViews
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl hasBindAppWidgetPermission
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl notifyAppWidgetViewDataChanged
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl partiallyUpdateAppWidgetIds
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl setBindAppWidgetPermission
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl unbindRemoteViewsService
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl updateAppWidgetIds
com.android.server.appwidget.AppWidgetServiceImpl updateAppWidgetOptions
com.android.server.backup.BackupManagerService getAvailableRestoreSets
com.android.server.backup.BackupManagerService restoreAll
com.android.server.backup.BackupManagerService restorePackage
com.android.server.backup.BackupManagerService restoreSome
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline acknowledgeFullBackupOrRestore
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline backupNow
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline beginRestoreSession
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline clearBackupData
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline dataChanged
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline fullBackup
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline fullRestore
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline fullTransportBackup
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline getConfigurationIntent
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline getCurrentTransport
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline getDataManagementIntent
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline getDataManagementLabel
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline getDestinationString
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline hasBackupPassword
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline isBackupEnabled
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline listAllTransports
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline selectBackupTransport
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline setAutoRestore
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline setBackupEnabled
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline setBackupPassword
com.android.server.backup.Trampoline setBackupProvisioned
com.android.server.connectivity.Tethering interfaceAdded
com.android.server.connectivity.Tethering interfaceLinkStateChanged
com.android.server.connectivity.Tethering interfaceStatusChanged
com.android.server.content.ContentService addPeriodicSync
com.android.server.content.ContentService cancelSync
com.android.server.content.ContentService cancelSyncAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getCurrentSyncs
com.android.server.content.ContentService getCurrentSyncsAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getIsSyncable
com.android.server.content.ContentService getIsSyncableAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getMasterSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService getMasterSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getPeriodicSyncs
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAdapterTypes
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAdapterTypesAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncStatus
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncStatusAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService isSyncActive
com.android.server.content.ContentService isSyncPending
com.android.server.content.ContentService isSyncPendingAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService registerContentObserver
com.android.server.content.ContentService removePeriodicSync
com.android.server.content.ContentService setIsSyncable
com.android.server.content.ContentService setMasterSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService setMasterSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService setSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService setSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService sync
com.android.server.content.ContentService syncAsUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService addCrossProfileIntentFilter
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService addCrossProfileWidgetProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService addPersistentPreferredActivity
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearCrossProfileIntentFilters
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearPackagePersistentPreferredActivities
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearProfileOwner
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService createAndInitializeUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService createUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService enableSystemApp
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService enableSystemAppWithIntent
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService enforceCanManageCaCerts
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getAccountTypesWithManagementDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getAccountTypesWithManagementDisabledAsUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getActiveAdmins
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getApplicationRestrictions
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getAutoTimeRequired
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCameraDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCrossProfileCallerIdDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCrossProfileCallerIdDisabledForUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCrossProfileWidgetProviders
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCurrentFailedPasswordAttempts
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getDeviceOwnerName
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getGlobalProxyAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getKeyguardDisabledFeatures
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getLockTaskPackages
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getMaximumFailedPasswordsForWipe
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getMaximumTimeToLock
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordExpiration
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordExpirationTimeout
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordHistoryLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumLetters
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumLowerCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumNonLetter
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumNumeric
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumSymbols
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumUpperCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordQuality
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPermittedAccessibilityServices
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPermittedInputMethods
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getProfileOwnerName
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getProfileWithMinimumFailedPasswordsForWipe
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getRemoveWarning
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getRestrictionsProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getScreenCaptureDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getStorageEncryption
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getStorageEncryptionStatus
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getTrustAgentConfiguration
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService hasGrantedPolicy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService hasUserSetupCompleted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService installCaCert
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService installKeyPair
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isActivePasswordSufficient
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isAdminActive
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isApplicationHidden
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isLockTaskPermitted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isMasterVolumeMuted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isRemovingAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isUninstallBlocked
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService lockNow
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService notifyLockTaskModeChanged
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService packageHasActiveAdmins
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService removeActiveAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService removeCrossProfileWidgetProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService removeUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService reportFailedPasswordAttempt
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService reportSuccessfulPasswordAttempt
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService resetPassword
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setAccountManagementDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setActiveAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setActivePasswordState
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setApplicationHidden
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setApplicationRestrictions
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setAutoTimeRequired
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setCameraDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setCrossProfileCallerIdDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setDeviceOwner
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setGlobalProxy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setGlobalSetting
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setKeyguardDisabledFeatures
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setLockTaskPackages
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setMasterVolumeMuted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setMaximumFailedPasswordsForWipe
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setMaximumTimeToLock
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordExpirationTimeout
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordHistoryLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumLetters
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumLowerCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumNonLetter
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumNumeric
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumSymbols
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumUpperCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordQuality
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPermittedAccessibilityServices
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPermittedInputMethods
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setProfileEnabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setProfileName
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setProfileOwner
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setRecommendedGlobalProxy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setRestrictionsProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setScreenCaptureDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setSecureSetting
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setStorageEncryption
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setTrustAgentConfiguration
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setUninstallBlocked
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setUserRestriction
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService switchUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService uninstallCaCert
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService wipeData
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService connectWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService createVirtualDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService forgetWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService pauseWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService renameWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService resumeWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService startWifiDisplayScan
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService stopWifiDisplayScan
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService awaken
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService dream
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService getDefaultDreamComponent
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService getDreamComponents
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService isDreaming
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService setDreamComponents
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService testDream
com.android.server.ethernet.EthernetServiceImpl addListener
com.android.server.ethernet.EthernetServiceImpl getConfiguration
com.android.server.ethernet.EthernetServiceImpl isAvailable
com.android.server.ethernet.EthernetServiceImpl removeListener
com.android.server.ethernet.EthernetServiceImpl setConfiguration
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService addDeviceEventListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService addHdmiMhlVendorCommandListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService addHotplugEventListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService addSystemAudioModeChangeListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService addVendorCommandListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService canChangeSystemAudioMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService clearTimerRecording
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService deviceSelect
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService getActiveSource
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService getDeviceList
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService getInputDevices
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService getPortInfo
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService getSupportedTypes
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService getSystemAudioMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService oneTouchPlay
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService portSelect
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService queryDisplayStatus
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService removeHotplugEventListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService removeSystemAudioModeChangeListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService sendKeyEvent
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService sendMhlVendorCommand
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService sendStandby
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService sendVendorCommand
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService setArcMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService setHdmiRecordListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService setInputChangeListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService setProhibitMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService setSystemAudioMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService setSystemAudioMute
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService setSystemAudioVolume
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService startOneTouchRecord
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService startTimerRecording
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService stopOneTouchRecord
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService addKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService removeKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService setCurrentKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService setTouchCalibrationForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService tryPointerSpeed
com.android.server.job.JobSchedulerService schedule
com.android.server.media.MediaRouterService registerClientAsUser
com.android.server.media.MediaSessionRecord setFlags
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService addCallback
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService createProjection
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService getActiveProjectionInfo
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService removeCallback
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService stopActiveProjection
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService addUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getNetworkPolicies
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getNetworkQuotaInfo
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getPowerSaveAppIdWhitelist
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getRestrictBackground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getUidsWithPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService isUidForeground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService registerListener
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService removeUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setNetworkPolicies
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setRestrictBackground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService snoozeLimit
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService unregisterListener
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService advisePersistThreshold
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService forceUpdate
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService forceUpdateIfaces
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService getDataLayerSnapshotForUid
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService getNetworkTotalBytes
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService incrementOperationCount
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService openSession
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService setUidForeground
com.android.server.pm.PackageInstallerService setPermissionsResult
com.android.server.pm.PackageInstallerService uninstall
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService acquireWakeLock
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService acquireWakeLockWithUid
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService boostScreenBrightness
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService crash
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService goToSleep
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService nap
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService powerHint
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService reboot
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService releaseWakeLock
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService setAttentionLight
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService setPowerSaveMode
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService setStayOnSetting
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService setTemporaryScreenAutoBrightnessAdjustmentSettingOverride
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService setTemporaryScreenBrightnessSettingOverride
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService shutdown
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService updateWakeLockUids
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService updateWakeLockWorkSource
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService userActivity
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService wakeUp
com.android.server.print.PrintManagerService addPrintJobStateChangeListener
com.android.server.print.PrintManagerService cancelPrintJob
com.android.server.print.PrintManagerService getPrintJobInfo
com.android.server.print.PrintManagerService getPrintJobInfos
com.android.server.print.PrintManagerService print
com.android.server.print.PrintManagerService restartPrintJob
com.android.server.sip.SipService close
com.android.server.sip.SipService createSession
com.android.server.sip.SipService getListOfProfiles
com.android.server.sip.SipService getPendingSession
com.android.server.sip.SipService isOpened
com.android.server.sip.SipService isRegistered
com.android.server.sip.SipService open
com.android.server.sip.SipService open3
com.android.server.sip.SipService setRegistrationListener
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService clearNotificationEffects
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService collapsePanels
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService disable
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService expandNotificationsPanel
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService expandSettingsPanel
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onClearAllNotifications
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationActionClick
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationClear
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationClick
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationError
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationExpansionChanged
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationVisibilityChanged
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onPanelHidden
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onPanelRevealed
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService registerStatusBar
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService removeIcon
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setIcon
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setIconVisibility
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setImeWindowStatus
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setSystemUiVisibility
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService topAppWindowChanged
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService acceptRingingCall
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService cancelMissedCallsNotification
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService clearAccounts
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService endCall
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService getAdnUriForPhoneAccount
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService getCallCapablePhoneAccounts
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService getCurrentTtyMode
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService getDefaultOutgoingPhoneAccount
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService getLine1Number
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService getPhoneAccountsSupportingScheme
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService getSimCallManagers
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService handlePinMmi
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService handlePinMmiForPhoneAccount
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService hasVoiceMailNumber
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService isInCall
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService isRinging
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService isTtySupported
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService isVoiceMailNumber
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService registerPhoneAccount
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService setSimCallManager
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService setUserSelectedOutgoingPhoneAccount
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService showInCallScreen
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService silenceRinger
com.android.server.telecom.TelecomService unregisterPhoneAccount
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService acquireTvInputHardware
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService addBlockedRating
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService captureFrame
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService getAvailableTvStreamConfigList
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService getHardwareList
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService releaseTvInputHardware
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService removeBlockedRating
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService setParentalControlsEnabled
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService addHardwareTvInput
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService addHdmiTvInput
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService removeTvInput
com.android.server.usage.UsageStatsService queryConfigurationStats
com.android.server.usage.UsageStatsService queryEvents
com.android.server.usage.UsageStatsService queryUsageStats
com.android.server.usb.UsbService allowUsbDebugging
com.android.server.usb.UsbService clearDefaults
com.android.server.usb.UsbService clearUsbDebuggingKeys
com.android.server.usb.UsbService denyUsbDebugging
com.android.server.usb.UsbService grantAccessoryPermission
com.android.server.usb.UsbService grantDevicePermission
com.android.server.usb.UsbService hasDefaults
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setAccessoryPackage
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setCurrentFunction
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setDevicePackage
com.android.server.usb.UsbService setMassStorageBackingFile
com.android.server.voiceinteraction.VoiceInteractionManagerService deleteKeyphraseSoundModel
com.android.server.voiceinteraction.VoiceInteractionManagerService getKeyphraseSoundModel
com.android.server.voiceinteraction.VoiceInteractionManagerService updateKeyphraseSoundModel
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setDimensionHints
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setDisplayPadding
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setWallpaper
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setWallpaperComponent
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl acquireMulticastLock
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl acquireWifiLock
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl addOrUpdateNetwork
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl addToBlacklist
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl clearBlacklist
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl disableEphemeralNetwork
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl disableNetwork
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl disconnect
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl enableAggressiveHandover
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl enableNetwork
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl enableVerboseLogging
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getAggressiveHandover
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getAllowScansWithTraffic
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getBatchedScanResults
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getChannelList
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getConfigFile
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getConfiguredNetworks
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getConnectionInfo
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getConnectionStatistics
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getDhcpInfo
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getFrequencyBand
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getPrivilegedConfiguredNetworks
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getScanResults
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getSupportedFeatures
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getVerboseLoggingLevel
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getWifiApConfiguration
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getWifiApEnabledState
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getWifiEnabledState
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getWifiServiceMessenger
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl getWpsNfcConfigurationToken
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl initializeMulticastFiltering
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl isMulticastEnabled
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl isScanAlwaysAvailable
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl pingSupplicant
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl pollBatchedScan
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl reassociate
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl reconnect
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl releaseMulticastLock
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl releaseWifiLock
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl removeNetwork
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl reportActivityInfo
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl requestBatchedScan
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl saveConfiguration
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl setAllowScansWithTraffic
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl setCountryCode
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl setFrequencyBand
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl setWifiApConfiguration
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl setWifiApEnabled
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl setWifiEnabled
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl startLocationRestrictedScan
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl startScan
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl startWifi
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl stopBatchedScan
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl stopWifi
com.android.server.wifi.WifiServiceImpl updateWifiLockWorkSource
com.android.server.wifi.p2p.WifiP2pServiceImpl getMessenger
com.android.server.wifi.p2p.WifiP2pServiceImpl getP2pStateMachineMessenger
com.android.server.wifi.p2p.WifiP2pServiceImpl setMiracastMode
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService addAppToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService addWindowToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService clearForcedDisplayDensity
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService clearForcedDisplaySize
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService clearWindowContentFrameStats
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService disableKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService dismissKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService executeAppTransition
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService exitKeyguardSecurely
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService freezeRotation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService getWindowContentFrameStats
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService isViewServerRunning
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService keyguardGoingAway
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService pauseKeyDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService prepareAppTransition
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService reenableKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService removeAppToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService removeWindowToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService resumeKeyDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService screenshotApplications
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAnimationScale
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAnimationScales
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppGroupId
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppOrientation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppStartingWindow
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppVisibility
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppWillBeHidden
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setEventDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setFocusedApp
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setForcedDisplayDensity
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setForcedDisplaySize
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setNewConfiguration
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setOverscan
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startAppFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startViewServer
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService statusBarVisibilityChanged
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopAppFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopViewServer
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService thawRotation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService updateOrientationFromAppTokens