android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport addAccount
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport addAccountFromCredentials
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport confirmCredentials
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport editProperties
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAccountCredentialsForCloning
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAccountRemovalAllowed
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAuthToken
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport getAuthTokenLabel
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport hasFeatures
android.accounts.AbstractAccountAuthenticator$Transport updateCredentials
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware disableActivityEvent
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware enableActivityEvent
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware flush
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware getSupportedActivities
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware isActivitySupported
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware registerSink
android.hardware.location.ActivityRecognitionHardware unregisterSink
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getCompleteVoiceMailNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getDeviceId
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getDeviceSvn
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getGroupIdLevel1
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIccSerialNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIccSimChallengeResponse
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimChallengeResponse
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimDomain
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimImpi
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimImpu
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimIst
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getIsimPcscf
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getLine1AlphaTag
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getLine1Number
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getMsisdn
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getSubscriberId
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getVoiceMailAlphaTag
com.android.internal.telephony.PhoneSubInfoProxy getVoiceMailNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.SMSDispatcher$MultipartSmsSenderCallback onSendMultipartSmsComplete
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController addSubInfoRecord
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController clearDefaultsForInactiveSubIds
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController clearSubInfo
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubInfoCount
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfo
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfoForIccId
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfoForSimSlotIndex
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getActiveSubscriptionInfoList
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getAllSubInfoCount
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getAllSubInfoList
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController getSubscriptionProperty
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDataRoaming
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDefaultDataSubId
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDefaultSmsSubId
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDefaultVoiceSubId
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDisplayName
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDisplayNameUsingSrc
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setDisplayNumber
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setIconTint
com.android.internal.telephony.SubscriptionController setSubscriptionProperty
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController copyMessageToIccEfForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController disableCellBroadcastForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController disableCellBroadcastRangeForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController enableCellBroadcastForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController enableCellBroadcastRangeForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController getAllMessagesFromIccEfForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController injectSmsPduForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController sendDataForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController sendDataForSubscriberWithSelfPermissions
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController sendMultipartTextForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController sendStoredMultipartText
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController sendStoredText
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController sendTextForSubscriber
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController sendTextForSubscriberWithSelfPermissions
com.android.internal.telephony.UiccSmsController updateMessageOnIccEfForSubscriber
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService addNfcUnlockHandler
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService disable
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService disableNdefPush
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService dispatch
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService enable
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService enableNdefPush
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService invokeBeam
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService invokeBeamInternal
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService pausePolling
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService resumePolling
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService setAppCallback
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService setForegroundDispatch
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService setP2pModes
com.android.nfc.NfcService$NfcAdapterService verifyNfcPermission
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService close
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService connect
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService formatNdef
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService getTechList
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService getTimeout
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService isNdef
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService ndefMakeReadOnly
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService ndefRead
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService ndefWrite
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService reconnect
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService rediscover
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService resetTimeouts
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService setTimeout
com.android.nfc.NfcService$TagService transceive
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface getAidGroupForService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface getServices
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface isDefaultServiceForAid
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface isDefaultServiceForCategory
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface registerAidGroupForService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface removeAidGroupForService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface setDefaultForNextTap
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface setDefaultServiceForCategory
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface setPreferredService
com.android.nfc.cardemulation.CardEmulationManager$CardEmulationInterface unsetPreferredService
com.android.phone.CarrierConfigLoader getConfigForSubId
com.android.phone.CarrierConfigLoader updateConfigForPhoneId
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager answerRingingCall
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager answerRingingCallForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager call
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager canChangeDtmfToneLength
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableDataConnectivity
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableLocationUpdates
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager disableLocationUpdatesForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableDataConnectivity
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableLocationUpdates
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableLocationUpdatesForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager enableVideoCalling
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager endCall
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager endCallForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager factoryReset
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getAllCellInfo
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCalculatedPreferredNetworkType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaEriIconIndex
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaEriIconIndexForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaEriIconMode
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaEriIconModeForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaEriText
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaEriTextForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaMdn
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCdmaMin
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCellLocation
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getCellNetworkScanResults
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getDataEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getDataNetworkType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getDataNetworkTypeForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getDeviceId
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getLine1AlphaTagForDisplay
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getLine1NumberForDisplay
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getLteOnCdmaMode
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getLteOnCdmaModeForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getMergedSubscriberIds
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getNeighboringCellInfo
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getNetworkTypeForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getPcscfAddress
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getPreferredNetworkType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getRadioAccessFamily
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getTetherApnRequired
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager getVoiceNetworkTypeForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager handlePinMmi
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager handlePinMmiForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccCloseLogicalChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccExchangeSimIO
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccOpenLogicalChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccTransmitApduBasicChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager iccTransmitApduLogicalChannel
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager invokeOemRilRequestRaw
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isIdle
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isIdleForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isOffhook
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isOffhookForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isRadioOn
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isRadioOnForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isRinging
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isRingingForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isSimPinEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isVideoCallingEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager isWorldPhone
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvReadItem
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvResetConfig
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvWriteCdmaPrl
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager nvWriteItem
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager sendEnvelopeWithStatus
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setDataEnabled
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setImsRegistrationState
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setNetworkSelectionModeAutomatic
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setNetworkSelectionModeManual
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setPreferredNetworkType
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setRadio
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setRadioForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager setRadioPower
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager shutdownMobileRadios
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPin
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPinForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPinReportResult
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPinReportResultForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPuk
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPukForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPukReportResult
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager supplyPukReportResultForSubscriber
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager toggleRadioOnOff
com.android.phone.PhoneInterfaceManager toggleRadioOnOffForSubscriber
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 getType
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 getType
com.android.providers.contacts.ContactsProvider2 getType
com.android.server.AppOpsService checkAudioOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService checkOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService finishOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService getOpsForPackage
com.android.server.AppOpsService getPackagesForOps
com.android.server.AppOpsService noteOperation
com.android.server.AppOpsService resetAllModes
com.android.server.AppOpsService setAudioRestriction
com.android.server.AppOpsService setMode
com.android.server.AppOpsService setUidMode
com.android.server.AppOpsService startOperation
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService disable
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService enable
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService enableNoAutoConnect
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService getAddress
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService getName
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService registerStateChangeCallback
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService unregisterAdapter
com.android.server.BluetoothManagerService unregisterStateChangeCallback
com.android.server.ConnectivityService factoryReset
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveLinkProperties
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkInfoForUid
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getActiveNetworkQuotaInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworkState
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllNetworks
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getAllVpnInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getDefaultNetworkCapabilitiesForUser
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLastTetherError
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLegacyVpnInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLinkProperties
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getLinkPropertiesForType
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getMobileProvisioningUrl
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkCapabilities
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkForType
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkInfo
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getNetworkInfoForNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableBluetoothRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableUsbRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetherableWifiRegexs
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheredDhcpRanges
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheredIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getTetheringErroredIfaces
com.android.server.ConnectivityService getVpnConfig
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isActiveNetworkMetered
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isNetworkSupported
com.android.server.ConnectivityService isTetheringSupported
com.android.server.ConnectivityService listenForNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService pendingListenForNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService pendingRequestForNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService prepareVpn
com.android.server.ConnectivityService registerNetworkAgent
com.android.server.ConnectivityService registerNetworkFactory
com.android.server.ConnectivityService reportInetCondition
com.android.server.ConnectivityService reportNetworkConnectivity
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestBandwidthUpdate
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestNetwork
com.android.server.ConnectivityService requestRouteToHostAddress
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setAcceptUnvalidated
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setAirplaneMode
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setGlobalProxy
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setProvisioningNotificationVisible
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setUsbTethering
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setUsbTethering
com.android.server.ConnectivityService setVpnPackageAuthorization
com.android.server.ConnectivityService startLegacyVpn
com.android.server.ConnectivityService startNattKeepalive
com.android.server.ConnectivityService tether
com.android.server.ConnectivityService tether
com.android.server.ConnectivityService unregisterNetworkFactory
com.android.server.ConnectivityService untether
com.android.server.ConnectivityService untether
com.android.server.ConnectivityService updateLockdownVpn
com.android.server.ConsumerIrService getCarrierFrequencies
com.android.server.ConsumerIrService transmit
com.android.server.DeviceIdleController$BinderService addPowerSaveTempWhitelistApp
com.android.server.DeviceIdleController$BinderService addPowerSaveTempWhitelistAppForMms
com.android.server.DeviceIdleController$BinderService addPowerSaveTempWhitelistAppForSms
com.android.server.DeviceIdleController$BinderService addPowerSaveWhitelistApp
com.android.server.DeviceIdleController$BinderService exitIdle
com.android.server.DeviceIdleController$BinderService removePowerSaveWhitelistApp
com.android.server.DropBoxManagerService getNextEntry
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService addClient
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService getCurrentInputMethodSubtype
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService getEnabledInputMethodList
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService getEnabledInputMethodSubtypeList
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService getInputMethodList
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService getLastInputMethodSubtype
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService hideMySoftInput
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService hideSoftInput
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService notifySuggestionPicked
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService registerSuggestionSpansForNotification
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService removeClient
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setAdditionalInputMethodSubtypes
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setCurrentInputMethodSubtype
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setImeWindowStatus
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setInputMethod
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setInputMethodAndSubtype
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService setInputMethodEnabled
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService shouldOfferSwitchingToNextInputMethod
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService showInputMethodAndSubtypeEnablerFromClient
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService showInputMethodPickerFromClient
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService showMySoftInput
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService showSoftInput
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService startInput
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService switchToLastInputMethod
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService switchToNextInputMethod
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService updateStatusIcon
com.android.server.InputMethodManagerService windowGainedFocus
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addGpsMeasurementsListener
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addGpsNavigationMessageListener
com.android.server.LocationManagerService addGpsStatusListener
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getBestProvider
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getLastLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getProviderProperties
com.android.server.LocationManagerService getProviders
com.android.server.LocationManagerService removeUpdates
com.android.server.LocationManagerService reportLocation
com.android.server.LocationManagerService requestGeofence
com.android.server.LocationManagerService requestLocationUpdates
com.android.server.LocationManagerService sendExtraCommand
com.android.server.LockSettingsService checkPassword
com.android.server.LockSettingsService checkPattern
com.android.server.LockSettingsService checkVoldPassword
com.android.server.LockSettingsService getBoolean
com.android.server.LockSettingsService getLong
com.android.server.LockSettingsService getString
com.android.server.LockSettingsService registerStrongAuthTracker
com.android.server.LockSettingsService requireStrongAuth
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setBoolean
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setLockPassword
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setLockPattern
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setLong
com.android.server.LockSettingsService setString
com.android.server.LockSettingsService unregisterStrongAuthTracker
com.android.server.LockSettingsService verifyPassword
com.android.server.LockSettingsService verifyPattern
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker$BinderService downloadMessage
com.android.server.MmsServiceBroker$BinderService sendMessage
com.android.server.MountService benchmark
com.android.server.MountService changeEncryptionPassword
com.android.server.MountService createSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService decryptStorage
com.android.server.MountService destroySecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService encryptStorage
com.android.server.MountService finalizeSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService fixPermissionsSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService forgetAllVolumes
com.android.server.MountService forgetVolume
com.android.server.MountService format
com.android.server.MountService formatVolume
com.android.server.MountService getEncryptionState
com.android.server.MountService getPassword
com.android.server.MountService getPrimaryStorageUuid
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerFilesystemPath
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerList
com.android.server.MountService getSecureContainerPath
com.android.server.MountService getStorageUsers
com.android.server.MountService isSecureContainerMounted
com.android.server.MountService mount
com.android.server.MountService mountSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService mountVolume
com.android.server.MountService partitionMixed
com.android.server.MountService partitionPrivate
com.android.server.MountService partitionPublic
com.android.server.MountService renameSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService resizeSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService runMaintenance
com.android.server.MountService setDebugFlags
com.android.server.MountService setPrimaryStorageUuid
com.android.server.MountService setVolumeNickname
com.android.server.MountService setVolumeUserFlags
com.android.server.MountService shutdown
com.android.server.MountService unmount
com.android.server.MountService unmountSecureContainer
com.android.server.MountService unmountVolume
com.android.server.MountService verifyEncryptionPassword
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addIdleTimer
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addInterfaceToLocalNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addInterfaceToNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addLegacyRouteForNetId
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService addVpnUidRanges
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService allowProtect
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService attachPppd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService clearDefaultNetId
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService clearInterfaceAddresses
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService clearPermission
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService createPhysicalNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService createVirtualNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService denyProtect
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService detachPppd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService disableIpv6
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService disableNat
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService enableIpv6
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService enableNat
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService flushNetworkDnsCache
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getDnsForwarders
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getInterfaceConfig
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getIpForwardingEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsDetail
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsSummaryDev
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsSummaryXt
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getNetworkStatsUidDetail
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService getRoutes
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isBandwidthControlEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isClatdStarted
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService isTetheringStarted
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listInterfaces
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listTetheredInterfaces
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService listTtys
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService registerObserver
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeIdleTimer
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceFromLocalNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceFromNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeInterfaceQuota
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeRoute
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService removeVpnUidRanges
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDefaultNetId
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDnsForwarders
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setDnsServersForNetwork
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setGlobalAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceAlert
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceConfig
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceDown
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceIpv6NdOffload
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceIpv6PrivacyExtensions
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceQuota
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setInterfaceUp
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setIpForwardingEnabled
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setMtu
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setNetworkPermission
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setPermission
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setUidCleartextNetworkPolicy
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService setUidNetworkRules
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService shutdown
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startClatd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startInterfaceForwarding
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService startTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopAccessPoint
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopClatd
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopInterfaceForwarding
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService stopTethering
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService tetherInterface
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService unregisterObserver
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService untetherInterface
com.android.server.NetworkManagementService wifiFirmwareReload
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService clearScores
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService disableScoring
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService registerNetworkScoreCache
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService setActiveScorer
com.android.server.NetworkScoreService updateScores
com.android.server.NsdService getMessenger
com.android.server.NsdService setEnabled
com.android.server.SerialService getSerialPorts
com.android.server.SerialService openSerialPort
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry addOnSubscriptionsChangedListener
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry listen
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry listenForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallForwardingChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallForwardingChangedForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallState
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCallStateForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCarrierNetworkChange
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellInfo
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellInfoForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellLocation
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyCellLocationForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataActivity
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataActivityForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnection
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionFailed
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionFailedForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDataConnectionRealTimeInfo
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyDisconnectCause
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyMessageWaitingChangedForPhoneId
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyOemHookRawEventForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyOtaspChanged
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyPreciseCallState
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyPreciseDataConnectionFailed
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyServiceStateForPhoneId
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifySignalStrength
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifySignalStrengthForSubscriber
com.android.server.TelephonyRegistry notifyVoLteServiceStateChanged
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setCurrentSpellChecker
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setCurrentSpellCheckerSubtype
com.android.server.TextServicesManagerService setSpellCheckerEnabled
com.android.server.UpdateLockService acquireUpdateLock
com.android.server.UpdateLockService releaseUpdateLock
com.android.server.VibratorService cancelVibrate
com.android.server.VibratorService vibrate
com.android.server.VibratorService vibratePattern
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService addAccountAsUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService confirmCredentialsAsUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService copyAccountToUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccounts
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsAsUser
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsByTypeForPackage
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAccountsForPackage
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService getAuthenticatorTypes
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService removeAccount
com.android.server.accounts.AccountManagerService removeAccountAsUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService appNotRespondingViaProvider
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService bindBackupAgent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService bootAnimationComplete
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService clearPendingBackup
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService crashApplication
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService createStackOnDisplay
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService createVirtualActivityContainer
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService deleteActivityContainer
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService dumpHeap
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService finishHeavyWeightApp
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService forceStopPackage
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getAllStackInfos
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getAssistContextExtras
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getContentProviderExternal
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getCurrentUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getPackageProcessState
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRecentTasks
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRunningAppProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRunningExternalApplications
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getRunningUserIds
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getStackInfo
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getTaskThumbnail
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService getTasks
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService hang
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService inputDispatchingTimedOut
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService isInHomeStack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService isUserRunning
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService killAllBackgroundProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService killBackgroundProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService killUid
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService launchAssistIntent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskBackwards
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskToFront
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService moveTaskToStack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService navigateUpTo
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService performIdleMaintenance
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService profileControl
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService registerProcessObserver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService registerUidObserver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService registerUserSwitchObserver
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService removeContentProviderExternal
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService removeTask
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService requestAssistContextExtras
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService requestBugReport
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService resizeStack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService resizeTask
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService restart
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService resumeAppSwitches
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setActivityController
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setAlwaysFinish
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setDebugApp
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setDumpHeapDebugLimit
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setFrontActivityScreenCompatMode
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setLockScreenShown
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setPackageAskScreenCompat
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setPackageScreenCompatMode
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setProcessForeground
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService setProcessLimit
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService shutdown
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService signalPersistentProcesses
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivities
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivity
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityAndWait
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityAsCaller
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityAsUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityFromRecents
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startActivityWithConfig
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startLockTaskModeOnCurrent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startUserInBackground
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService startVoiceActivity
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService stopAppSwitches
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService stopLockTaskModeOnCurrent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService stopUser
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService unbroadcastIntent
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService unhandledBack
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService updateConfiguration
com.android.server.am.ActivityManagerService updatePersistentConfiguration
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getAwakeTimeBattery
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getAwakeTimePlugged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getStatistics
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService getStatisticsStream
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteChangeWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteConnectivityChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteDeviceIdleMode
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteEvent
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFlashlightOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFlashlightOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockAcquired
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockAcquiredFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockReleased
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteFullWifiLockReleasedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteInteractive
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteJobFinish
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteJobStart
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteMobileRadioPowerState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteNetworkInterfaceType
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteNetworkStatsEnabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneDataConnectionState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneSignalStrength
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService notePhoneState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteResetAudio
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteResetCamera
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteResetFlashlight
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteResetVideo
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScreenBrightness
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteScreenState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartAudio
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartCamera
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartGps
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartSensor
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartVideo
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartWakelock
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStartWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopAudio
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopCamera
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopGps
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopSensor
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopVideo
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopWakelock
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteStopWakelockFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteSyncFinish
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteSyncStart
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteUserActivity
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteVibratorOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteVibratorOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWakeUp
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiBatchedScanStartedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiBatchedScanStoppedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastDisabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastDisabledFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastEnabled
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiMulticastEnabledFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiOff
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiOn
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRadioPowerState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRssiChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRunning
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiRunningChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStarted
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStartedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStopped
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiScanStoppedFromSource
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiState
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiStopped
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService noteWifiSupplicantStateChanged
com.android.server.am.BatteryStatsService setBatteryState
com.android.server.am.ProcessStatsService getCurrentStats
com.android.server.am.ProcessStatsService getStatsOverTime
com.android.server.audio.AudioService disableSafeMediaVolume
com.android.server.audio.AudioService forceRemoteSubmixFullVolume
com.android.server.audio.AudioService notifyVolumeControllerVisible
com.android.server.audio.AudioService registerAudioPolicy
com.android.server.audio.AudioService registerRemoteControlDisplay
com.android.server.audio.AudioService registerRemoteController
com.android.server.audio.AudioService requestAudioFocus
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setBluetoothScoOn
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setFocusPropertiesForPolicy
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setMasterMute
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setMicrophoneMute
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setMode
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setRemoteStreamVolume
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setRingerModeInternal
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setRingtonePlayer
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setSpeakerphoneOn
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setVolumeController
com.android.server.audio.AudioService setVolumePolicy
com.android.server.audio.AudioService startBluetoothSco
com.android.server.audio.AudioService startBluetoothScoVirtualCall
com.android.server.audio.AudioService stopBluetoothSco
com.android.server.connectivity.Tethering interfaceAdded
com.android.server.connectivity.Tethering interfaceLinkStateChanged
com.android.server.connectivity.Tethering interfaceStatusChanged
com.android.server.content.ContentService addPeriodicSync
com.android.server.content.ContentService cancelSync
com.android.server.content.ContentService cancelSyncAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getCurrentSyncs
com.android.server.content.ContentService getCurrentSyncsAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getIsSyncable
com.android.server.content.ContentService getIsSyncableAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getMasterSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService getMasterSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getPeriodicSyncs
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAdapterPackagesForAuthorityAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAdapterTypes
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAdapterTypesAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncStatus
com.android.server.content.ContentService getSyncStatusAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService isSyncActive
com.android.server.content.ContentService isSyncPending
com.android.server.content.ContentService isSyncPendingAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService registerContentObserver
com.android.server.content.ContentService removePeriodicSync
com.android.server.content.ContentService setIsSyncable
com.android.server.content.ContentService setMasterSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService setMasterSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService setSyncAutomatically
com.android.server.content.ContentService setSyncAutomaticallyAsUser
com.android.server.content.ContentService sync
com.android.server.content.ContentService syncAsUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService addCrossProfileIntentFilter
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService addCrossProfileWidgetProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService addPersistentPreferredActivity
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService choosePrivateKeyAlias
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearCrossProfileIntentFilters
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearDeviceInitializer
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearDeviceOwner
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearPackagePersistentPreferredActivities
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService clearProfileOwner
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService createAndInitializeUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService createUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService enableSystemApp
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService enableSystemAppWithIntent
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService enforceCanManageCaCerts
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getAccountTypesWithManagementDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getAccountTypesWithManagementDisabledAsUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getActiveAdmins
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getApplicationRestrictions
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getAutoTimeRequired
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getBluetoothContactSharingDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getBluetoothContactSharingDisabledForUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCameraDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCertInstallerPackage
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCrossProfileCallerIdDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCrossProfileCallerIdDisabledForUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCrossProfileWidgetProviders
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getCurrentFailedPasswordAttempts
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getDeviceOwnerName
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getDoNotAskCredentialsOnBoot
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getGlobalProxyAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getKeyguardDisabledFeatures
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getLockTaskPackages
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getMaximumFailedPasswordsForWipe
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getMaximumTimeToLock
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordExpiration
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordExpirationTimeout
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordHistoryLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumLetters
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumLowerCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumNonLetter
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumNumeric
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumSymbols
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordMinimumUpperCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPasswordQuality
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPermissionGrantState
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPermissionPolicy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPermittedAccessibilityServices
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getPermittedInputMethods
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getProfileOwnerName
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getProfileWithMinimumFailedPasswordsForWipe
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getRemoveWarning
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getRestrictionsProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getScreenCaptureDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getStorageEncryption
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getStorageEncryptionStatus
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService getTrustAgentConfiguration
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService hasGrantedPolicy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService hasUserSetupCompleted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService installCaCert
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService installKeyPair
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isActivePasswordSufficient
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isAdminActive
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isApplicationHidden
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isLockTaskPermitted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isMasterVolumeMuted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isRemovingAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService isUninstallBlocked
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService lockNow
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService notifyLockTaskModeChanged
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService notifyPendingSystemUpdate
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService packageHasActiveAdmins
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService removeActiveAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService removeCrossProfileWidgetProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService removeUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService reportFailedPasswordAttempt
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService reportSuccessfulPasswordAttempt
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService resetPassword
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setAccountManagementDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setActiveAdmin
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setActivePasswordState
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setApplicationHidden
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setApplicationRestrictions
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setAutoTimeRequired
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setBluetoothContactSharingDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setCameraDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setCertInstallerPackage
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setCrossProfileCallerIdDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setDeviceInitializer
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setDeviceOwner
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setGlobalProxy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setGlobalSetting
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setKeyguardDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setKeyguardDisabledFeatures
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setLockTaskPackages
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setMasterVolumeMuted
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setMaximumFailedPasswordsForWipe
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setMaximumTimeToLock
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordExpirationTimeout
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordHistoryLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumLength
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumLetters
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumLowerCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumNonLetter
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumNumeric
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumSymbols
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordMinimumUpperCase
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPasswordQuality
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPermissionGrantState
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPermissionPolicy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPermittedAccessibilityServices
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setPermittedInputMethods
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setProfileEnabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setProfileName
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setProfileOwner
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setRecommendedGlobalProxy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setRestrictionsProvider
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setScreenCaptureDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setSecureSetting
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setStatusBarDisabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setStorageEncryption
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setSystemUpdatePolicy
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setTrustAgentConfiguration
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setUninstallBlocked
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setUserEnabled
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setUserIcon
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService setUserRestriction
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService switchUser
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService uninstallCaCerts
com.android.server.devicepolicy.DevicePolicyManagerService wipeData
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService connectWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService createVirtualDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService forgetWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService pauseWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService renameWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService requestColorTransform
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService resumeWifiDisplay
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService startWifiDisplayScan
com.android.server.display.DisplayManagerService$BinderService stopWifiDisplayScan
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService$BinderService awaken
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService$BinderService dream
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService$BinderService getDefaultDreamComponent
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService$BinderService getDreamComponents
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService$BinderService isDreaming
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService$BinderService setDreamComponents
com.android.server.dreams.DreamManagerService$BinderService testDream
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper authenticate
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper cancelAuthentication
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper cancelEnrollment
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper enroll
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper getEnrolledFingerprints
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper hasEnrolledFingerprints
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper isHardwareDetected
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper postEnroll
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper preEnroll
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper remove
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper rename
com.android.server.fingerprint.FingerprintService$FingerprintServiceWrapper resetTimeout
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService addDeviceEventListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService addHdmiMhlVendorCommandListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService addHotplugEventListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService addSystemAudioModeChangeListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService addVendorCommandListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService canChangeSystemAudioMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService clearTimerRecording
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService deviceSelect
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService getActiveSource
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService getDeviceList
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService getInputDevices
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService getPortInfo
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService getSupportedTypes
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService getSystemAudioMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService oneTouchPlay
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService portSelect
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService queryDisplayStatus
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService removeHotplugEventListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService removeSystemAudioModeChangeListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService sendKeyEvent
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService sendMhlVendorCommand
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService sendStandby
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService sendVendorCommand
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService setArcMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService setHdmiRecordListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService setInputChangeListener
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService setProhibitMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService setSystemAudioMode
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService setSystemAudioMute
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService setSystemAudioVolume
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService startOneTouchRecord
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService startTimerRecording
com.android.server.hdmi.HdmiControlService$BinderService stopOneTouchRecord
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService addKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService registerTabletModeChangedListener
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService removeKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService setCurrentKeyboardLayoutForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService setTouchCalibrationForInputDevice
com.android.server.input.InputManagerService tryPointerSpeed
com.android.server.job.JobSchedulerService$JobSchedulerStub schedule
com.android.server.media.MediaRouterService registerClientAsUser
com.android.server.media.MediaSessionRecord$SessionStub setFlags
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService$BinderService addCallback
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService$BinderService createProjection
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService$BinderService getActiveProjectionInfo
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService$BinderService removeCallback
com.android.server.media.projection.MediaProjectionManagerService$BinderService stopActiveProjection
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService addUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService factoryReset
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getNetworkPolicies
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getNetworkQuotaInfo
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getRestrictBackground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService getUidsWithPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService isUidForeground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService registerListener
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService removeUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setDeviceIdleMode
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setNetworkPolicies
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setRestrictBackground
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService setUidPolicy
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService snoozeLimit
com.android.server.net.NetworkPolicyManagerService unregisterListener
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService advisePersistThreshold
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService forceUpdate
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService forceUpdateIfaces
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService getDataLayerSnapshotForUid
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService getNetworkTotalBytes
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService incrementOperationCount
com.android.server.net.NetworkStatsService setUidForeground
com.android.server.pm.PackageInstallerService setPermissionsResult
com.android.server.pm.PackageInstallerService uninstall
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService addCrossProfileIntentFilter
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService addOnPermissionsChangeListener
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService addPreferredActivity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService canForwardTo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService clearApplicationUserData
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService clearCrossProfileIntentFilters
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService clearPackagePreferredActivities
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService deleteApplicationCacheFiles
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService deletePackage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService deletePackageAsUser
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService extendVerificationTimeout
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService freeStorage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService freeStorageAndNotify
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getActivityInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getApplicationEnabledSetting
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getApplicationHiddenSettingAsUser
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getApplicationInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getComponentEnabledSetting
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getHomeActivities
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getInstalledPackages
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getLastChosenActivity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getMoveStatus
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getPackageGids
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getPackageInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getPackageSizeInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getPackageUid
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getPermissionFlags
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getProviderInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getReceiverInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getServiceInfo
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService getVerifierDeviceIdentity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService grantRuntimePermission
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService installExistingPackageAsUser
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService installPackage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService installPackageAsUser
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService isPackageAvailable
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService isPermissionRevokedByPolicy
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService movePackage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService movePrimaryStorage
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService queryIntentActivities
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService queryIntentActivityOptions
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService queryIntentContentProviders
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService queryIntentReceivers
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService queryIntentServices
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService registerMoveCallback
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService replacePreferredActivity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService resetApplicationPreferences
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService resetRuntimePermissions
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService resolveIntent
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService resolveService
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService revokeRuntimePermission
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setApplicationEnabledSetting
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setApplicationHiddenSettingAsUser
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setBlockUninstallForUser
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setComponentEnabledSetting
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setDefaultBrowserPackageName
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setInstallLocation
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setLastChosenActivity
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setPackageStoppedState
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService setPermissionEnforced
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService systemReady
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService unregisterMoveCallback
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService updateExternalMediaStatus
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService updateIntentVerificationStatus
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService updatePermissionFlags
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService updatePermissionFlagsForAllApps
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService verifyIntentFilter
com.android.server.pm.PackageManagerService verifyPendingInstall
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService acquireWakeLock
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService acquireWakeLockWithUid
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService boostScreenBrightness
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService crash
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService goToSleep
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService nap
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService powerHint
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService reboot
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService releaseWakeLock
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService setAttentionLight
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService setPowerSaveMode
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService setTemporaryScreenAutoBrightnessAdjustmentSettingOverride
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService setTemporaryScreenBrightnessSettingOverride
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService shutdown
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService updateWakeLockUids
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService updateWakeLockWorkSource
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService userActivity
com.android.server.power.PowerManagerService$BinderService wakeUp
com.android.server.sip.SipService close
com.android.server.sip.SipService createSession
com.android.server.sip.SipService getListOfProfiles
com.android.server.sip.SipService getPendingSession
com.android.server.sip.SipService isOpened
com.android.server.sip.SipService isRegistered
com.android.server.sip.SipService open
com.android.server.sip.SipService open3
com.android.server.sip.SipService setRegistrationListener
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService clearNotificationEffects
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService collapsePanels
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService disable
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService disable2
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService disable2ForUser
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService disableForUser
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService expandNotificationsPanel
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService expandSettingsPanel
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onClearAllNotifications
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationActionClick
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationClear
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationClick
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationError
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationExpansionChanged
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onNotificationVisibilityChanged
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onPanelHidden
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService onPanelRevealed
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService registerStatusBar
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService removeIcon
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setIcon
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setIconVisibility
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setImeWindowStatus
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService setSystemUiVisibility
com.android.server.statusbar.StatusBarManagerService topAppWindowChanged
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService acquireTvInputHardware
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService addBlockedRating
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService captureFrame
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService getAvailableTvStreamConfigList
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService getDvbDeviceList
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService getHardwareList
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService openDvbDevice
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService releaseTvInputHardware
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService removeBlockedRating
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$BinderService setParentalControlsEnabled
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$ServiceCallback addHardwareTvInput
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$ServiceCallback addHdmiTvInput
com.android.server.tv.TvInputManagerService$ServiceCallback removeTvInput
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService clearWallpaper
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setDimensionHints
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setDisplayPadding
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setWallpaper
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setWallpaperComponent
com.android.server.wallpaper.WallpaperManagerService setWallpaperComponentChecked
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService addAppToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService addWindowToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService clearForcedDisplayDensity
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService clearForcedDisplaySize
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService clearWindowContentFrameStats
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService disableKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService dismissKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService executeAppTransition
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService exitKeyguardSecurely
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService freezeRotation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService getWindowContentFrameStats
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService isViewServerRunning
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService keyguardGoingAway
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService lockNow
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService pauseKeyDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService prepareAppTransition
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService reenableKeyguard
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService removeAppToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService removeWindowToken
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService requestAssistScreenshot
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService resumeKeyDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService screenshotApplications
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAnimationScale
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAnimationScales
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppOrientation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppStartingWindow
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppTask
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppVisibility
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setAppWillBeHidden
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setEventDispatching
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setFocusedApp
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setForcedDisplayDensity
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setForcedDisplayScalingMode
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setForcedDisplaySize
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setNewConfiguration
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService setOverscan
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startAppFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService startViewServer
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService statusBarVisibilityChanged
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopAppFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopFreezingScreen
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService stopViewServer
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService thawRotation
com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService updateOrientationFromAppTokens